beverly-jennifer/README.md, before:

# 07 - NodeJS & NPM

**Author**: Beverly and Jennifer
**Version**: 1.0.0

## Overview
<!-- Provide a high level overview of what this application is and why you are building it, beyond the fact that it's an assignment for a Code Fellows 301 class. (i.e. What's your problem domain?) -->

## Getting Started
<!-- What are the steps that a user must take in order to build this app on their own machine and get it running? -->

## Architecture
<!-- Provide a detailed description of the application design. What technologies (languages, libraries, etc) you're using, and any other relevant design information. -->

## Change Log
<!-- Use this are to document the iterative changes made to your application as each feature is successfully implemented. Use time stamps. Here's an examples:

01-01-2001 4:59pm - Application now has a fully-functional express server, with GET and POST routes for the book resource.
-->
02-21-2018

## Credits and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->

Commit message:

answer code comment questions, update README

beverly-jennifer/README.md, after:

# 07 - NodeJS & NPM

**Author**: Beverly and Jennifer
**Version**: 1.0.0

## Overview
This is a fun website containing a blog with content that is appealing to the user,and easy to use, to entice the user to come back regularly. It should also ensure that the user has a similar experience on desktop and mobile devices, and allows the user to filter articles by author or category.
The user can add new blog articles by filling out a form. The submit button converts the new article to an object and console logs the object.
## Getting Started
* Get starter code from this repo: https://github.com/codefellows-seattle-301d30/07-nodejs-npm-express

* ```npm install``` to install dependencies.
* Update server.js to serve data from the ```public``` directory using express.js.

## Architecture
Uses HTML, CSS, JavaScript (ES6), jQuery, Markdown.
Uses Handlebars library to dynamically render templates.
Uses express.js to serve data to front end.

## Change Log

02-21-2018 11:00 am Init server, update code to serve data to front end. Answer questions in code comments.

## Credits and Collaborations

* Starter code: https://github.com/codefellows-seattle-301d30/07-nodejs-npm-express

* Handlebars CDN from https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/handlebars.js/4.0.11/handlebars.min.js

* express.js documentation: https://expressjs.com/
